Testing tester test.
[Music]
Well, today I thought I'd tell you a
little story called
the story of improve humanity.
No, but on a serious note, I am going to
tell you the story about this big circle
that led me back to this point in which
I'm making a video on this channel,
which is unforeseen until a couple days
ago. So,
going all the way back about 2 years
ago, I was like, I have been thinking a
lot. I've been meditating a lot. I've
been doing the philosophies a lot. Okay.
And I was like,
you know, YouTube is kind of starting
up. It's getting more recognized where
you can have a job as a YouTuber. And I
was like, why not make philosophy
videos? Didn't do any research into it
at all. I ended up trying to make
spiritual spiritually related philosophy
videos more so based on my own
experience and things that I could say
based on, you know, my experience.
Well, if any of you remember who are
still subscribed to the Improve Humanity
channel,
the start was really bumpy. And by that,
I mean I didn't really know what to do
because people weren't asking questions.
I couldn't answer questions. And
I ended up trying to copy other people
in a sense like Spirit Training, the uh
uh from Jordan, I think his name, he he
made Spirit Training. I wanted to make
wait what was it? Spirit science. Spirit
science made spirit science. And I tried
to make spirit training which is like a
knockoff of that to try to get views and
exposure which is a good idea but it
just wasn't me. And that's probably why
I had a very hard time doing it. So
improved humanity was there and I wanted
to make philosophy videos
at heart. I really do. I really did at
that time too and I knew that. But as I
began thinking, as I began thinking,
when I didn't see growth as fast as I
had wanted to, even though it was
actually quite fast, I'm surprised now
that I look back at it.
I was like,
gaming, that is the biggest thing on the
internet right now. Gaming YouTubers is
massive. So, I was like, you know, if I
could create a job where I didn't have
to have a boss because I personally just
don't like being told what to I don't
like schedules, all that kind of stuff.
I was like, maybe I'll try gaming. I'll
try to get big in the gaming realm and
just, you know, be happy with the idea
of
being half happy, being half of what I
want to do, which is being free,
not being tied to a boss or a job. But
still, it's not who I was. So, I ended
up making videos for a game called
Insanity Flight where success was pretty
quick because I made pretty high quality
videos for the for the size of the game
and there wasn't very many other people
who made videos for it.
And I thought that was cool. Um, it was
a very good experience because I learned
many things, but three of the most
important things I think were
production. So creating videos on a
daily basis, just doing it and doing it.
Even though I didn't do it very often
for gaming, I usually went on a week,
took off a month, went on another week,
grind, took off a month. And I think
that is obvious in the sense that I
wasn't, it wasn't who I was. So it's
hard for me to do it. I was only
motivated to make gaming videos when I
felt like gaming because like I don't
really like gaming that much, honestly.
I mean, of course,
the entertainment value is there and
it's fun, but it's not who I really am,
which is talking in front of a camera
and giving people advice to the best of
my ability.
So, I go through this gaming binge where
totally combined on two channels, which
I'll tell you a different one if you
didn't know, about 1,200 subscribers.
1,200 1,200
which was a pretty good success given
the amount of effort I put into it.
Because again, since it wasn't my true
self, it wasn't me feeling this pathway.
It was a very half-assed
uh situation. I made guides, which are
like tutorials and helping people out in
the game, which is like honestly I tried
to make entertainment based gaming
videos where I just like talk randomly
about stupid stuff and that's really all
what it is.
I could do it, but afterwards I was one
exhausted
and two it wasn't me. It was like a p it
was just this thing that took me over
and it I couldn't do it you know.
So
gaming another thing that it did you
know I said like there's multiple things
that happened while I made those videos.
One, again, production value. Two,
thumbnail creation and graphic design. I
got better at that.
Three, intro outro music. Um,
clipping things together a little bit
better. So, I I get like the the the
good skills necessary to create decent
videos on YouTube, which is good because
I can now take those skills and bring it
to you guys.
Anyways,
I was going to start making videos on
the consoles for gaming. I was like, you
know, Insanity Life and computer gaming
is a little bit tough. I'd have to get a
PC, which I was going to do, and that
would be like $2,000, $2,500.
And,
you know, I just wanted to make console
gaming because it was bigger. I liked
playing controller stuff better. And
there's a cat over there.
Um,
yeah, I just wanted to move in that
direction. And then I was like, okay, so
the people who watched my channel,
Improve Humanity Games, which is the
first gaming channel, were all in it for
the Insanity F. And since I was going to
make new videos, I was like, well, who
from the Insanity F would want to even
watch console gaming videos? There might
be like a handful, maybe like 20 out of
the 700 that are subscribed.
So
good.
So I was like, you know what? I might as
well just make a new channel in which is
more gamer friendly because improve
humanity games is kind of like like when
you use the word improve humanity and
I'm tempted to not use it again, but I'm
I'm going to. It's kind of has an ego
related to it where I feel like people
judge you because you're like improve
humanity. Like it's just like so blunt
that
some people might end up judging you and
be like well you're not improving. Not
even improving humanity no matter what.
Can't even say right. Probably because
it's
So anyways, I went to Greentime Gaming.
Wow. Not many people know about that.
Only about my friends who probably
forgotten about it. I uh made a few
gaming videos on Destiny game
and that turned out to be kind of like
no I just don't like green time gaming
at all. It's not you know I just didn't
want to do it. So then took a while like
a a a half month I was like well shoot I
still want to make gaming videos but I
want to have everything collected in the
same name. So I ended up creating
Hopper, H O Pur,
which was available for everything, all
the social media sites, but Twitter for
some for some unforeseen
reason. Don't know why. So I got Hopper.
I got all of the the domains or
whatever. And I started creating videos
on that. Really liked it. I liked having
this personified figure of Hopper. But
that wasn't me.
That wasn't me. And the funny thing is,
right at the beginning when I created
the channel, I created a URL
for the personal Google channel. So, it
had my name, Michael Green, and
YouTube.com/hopper. I couldn't even put
Hopper as the name, which is might be a
sign right there. That wasn't meant to
be.
I'm just going to roll with the
spirituality stuff right now because I
can't. Okay.
So, I go through Hopper for about
6 months.
It took me a while to start creating
videos. It was about Christmas break of
last year. So, about 6 months ago last
year when I started creating those
videos. And again, I really liked it,
but I wasn't very satisfied with the
console gaming. And I didn't like the
growth. It was way too slow. So, I went
back to uh Insanity Flight, started
creating guides cuz I recently updated
the game. And man, the growing was out
of this out of the, you know, I was
going to end up
I was looking into becoming a G GM, a
game master. And that was one pathway
that I could have went. It's like a fork
in the road. But a friend was with me at
the time where
h
so there was realizations occurring that
I wasn't who I was. I wasn't showing who
I really was. And it the friend made it
apparent to me that I'm not acting in a
way that I should. And the reason I say
should, should is a really weird word in
in language, but the reason I say should
is because I should be being who I am
and I wasn't doing that. So, it's
something I shouldn't have done. So,
anyway, she made she made it apparent to
me that
I needed to figure out who I was. And
that actually came quite quickly. The
realization occurred basically like on
the same night of when we started
talking about it. And
over the next week, it just became more
and more apparent. And over the next
couple months, became more and more
apparent. And it still is becoming more
apparent to me. And I'm becoming a lot
more
I can sleep in this idea. Like I'm
perfectly okay and in love with this
idea. And I'll tell you that right now.
So Hopper is no more.
And I'm going back to improve humanity.
I like that name. It's very crisp. It's
very improve and humanity have like the
same letters or something like that and
it looks nice
and uh
other you know materialistic reasons
it's just kind of have things grown with
that name already. So I'm coming full
circle the story of improved humanity. I
went out I learned some things I came
back. It's just like when philosophers
uh go out, try to learn in the forest
and then come back with their all great
found knowledge and wisdom. So, I'm
coming back as a totally different
person. Honestly, when when I first made
videos, I was like spirituality all the
way. And now very much more grounded in
a sense that I'm open to a ton of
different ideas.
Um the reality tunnels, so to speak, are
merged with mine more.
which can create in instability. And
I'll express that to you guys because
it's it's a part of life. Instability
and stability is definitely part of
life. It's a it's you know there's
always a balance of of pain and
happiness. There's going to be it's just
throughout every single every single
every single situation.
So I'm coming back to improve humanity.
H I feel like I was going to say
something else with that.
Oh, so yes, I have the skills gained
from this circle of experience where I
went out, I came back.
Also,
you're watching this through a gosh darn
good camera.
It's like the low end of the high-end
type of cameras. It's a Canon 70D
and is flipping awesome. Oh, I can tell
you what I want to do. Okay, I'll do
that. Anyways, yes, the camera quality
seems to be better. I can't hide
anything. I can't hide
the wrinkles on my face with bad
definition anymore. I can't do it, which
is fine. I don't really care.
So, anyways, it's a new camera. Cool.
Higher quality videos. There's going to
be better audio. There's going to be
more adventure. Okay, here's the thing.
This is what I'm going to do.
Now, you can criticize me all you want
because this is the fact of life. When
you figure out what you want to do, when
your heart is drawn towards stuff and
you find it, there is this weird amazing
brilliant feeling of
love. Like, it is seriously the most
amazing feeling. And I feel like I said
most in a very motan way. Um,
it's amazing. Like, you're in love with
everything. There's no there's no
there's no resistance. Maybe aside from
some parents or something like that or
friends who don't agree with you, but in
yourself there's no resistance
whatsoever. And I can't tell you how
happy that makes me feel and how
positive and
it's awesome.
So, what am I going to do after this
suspense?
I
am going to be likely, you know, it's
going to all change. I'm not 100% sure.
And that's the thing about who I am. I'm
just not a 100% person. I don't
I'm flowing. I think we all are flowing
beings in which we're not We don't like
to be stuck in one place. Stuck in one
place. There's a cat on my left. You
can't see. I don't know where the
framing is.
So, yes. In the probably for the next
year until next
May or June,
I will be making videos of my thoughts
on reality on advice. If you have
questions, you can ask them in the
comments and I will probably make a
video on it. If it's if I'm able to make
a video on it, if it's just like a
simple question, I'll just answer it
through text. But if it's something I
find that a lot of people can value, I
I'll make a video about it.
Most of the videos will not be inside.
Actually, I can't promise you that. In
the winter, it gets goddamn cold out.
So, it's probably going to be in this
very spot.
The reason there's many reasons why I
don't do it outside right now because
neighbors are loud. There's an ambient
noise of the city. Um, and sometimes I
just like sitting on a couch, you know?
That's nice.
Anyways, videos, yes, I'm going to be
creating those type of videos. But as a
person, as a being, as a entity
experiencing the human experience, I
am likely to stay in college for the
next year and then go wherever I go. So,
I'm probably going to be living out of
my car or getting a really cheap
apartment and traveling a lot still.
So, for the next many many many years of
my life, I will be traveling wherever I
can and I'll be taking this camera and
you guys with me. So what you can expect
wherever we travel I unless I'm with
somebody
I will be making videos based in like a
documentary style where
if I'm walking on a trail or something
like that like I'm in a national park or
state park whatever um
I'll make videos in that park advice
videos plus I will like make a
collection like a a what are they called
compilation of beautiful shots both
pictures and video of the landscape and
then I will note it and say like this is
what this looks like I'm not going to
commentate on it but I'm just going to
say
so you can get an idea of the world
right I'll be like
southwest Minnesota prairie grass line I
said that on hopper I made a video of
that and I just kind of walked around
it was the hike that I was doing and I I
made a video with some music showing
different things within the prairie
grassland, you know, just to get you in
the prairie grassland
as well as the river valley.
So, it's going to be a documentation of
my experience, plus I'm going to allow
you guys to see what you might not be
able to see at this current moment if
you if you have some sort of issue. But
here's the thing about stuff, right?
Financial. What the hell are you
supposed to do about that?
Well, I'm currently in a good position.
I'm not going to say any numbers, but
I have the ability very unstressfully to
travel and do what I would love to do,
which is traveling, learning as much as
I can and expressing it to a camera to
help as many people as I can. There it
finally came out, right? I I hinted at
what I was going to do and I never said
until now. That's what I'm going to do.
basically a very broad sense.
Here's the thing about financial stuff
though. If you have a heart, we all have
a heart, right? If you have a heart, you
got to follow it or you're going to be
stressful, you're going to be anxious,
you're going to be sad, depressed, even
you can get a very whole host of
negative crap.
I laugh at that because it's a reference
to somebody whole host.
So,
financially, if you want to live as a
gosh darn happy, beautiful entity on
this planet,
the finances, right? Go do what you
got to do. Now if you have an internet
device, this makes it infinitely more
easy because there is something called
the internet right and there's something
called web pages or something called
YouTube and people on the internet
internet make absolutely everything. If
you want to learn how to be homeless,
you can be homeless. Seriously, there's
the stereotypes that are in your mind if
they are are likely to be misled.
And honestly, being homeless does not is
here's the thing. If you're stuck being
homeless, I'm not saying homelessness
isn't tough. For sure, it is tough. But
if you want to follow your heart, if you
want to go do the things that you want
to do, what your heart wants you to do,
if you want to be happy, you got to go.
Like, you got to do what you got to do.
Now, if you want more financial
security, which is what I'm doing, I'm
taking a year allowing stuff to develop
and then I'm going to go, you can do
that. Of of course, I'm perfectly happy
doing that. My heart is fine doing that
because there's also other things that I
want to do, which is developing YouTube
and making a audience and connecting
with many people. So it's fine if I
don't travel outward because I also like
going inward with meditation and
thoughts and again creating a whole
different scene.
So again, if you want to godamn go to
Africa, figure out a way to do it. If
you want to go to Europe, figure out a
way to do it. If you're living in
America or somewhere else,
if you don't want to be stuck in this
city and you're broke,
if you can't get a job, just leave.
Have you heard of hitchhiking, right?
Can't really say it. Have you heard of
hitchhiking?
Get a backpack. Everyone has a backpack.
If you don't have a backpack, you can go
to a Goodwill or some sort of store in
which it's cheap. Like, you can get
money to get stuff, right?
You can do this. Trust me, you can do
this. If you want to live life how your
heart desires and feels, truly feels,
and you want to be happy, just go do it.
You don't have to be sitting around for
it.
So, that's just the philosophy, the
motivational speech of this video.
And I think that full circle
of improve humanity of Michael Green,
right? This me, this this person that
I've created is very beautiful. And I
can say that outside of my body, I'm
going outside and looking in. I think
this situation in which I've created for
myself is very beautiful. So
going out and learning all the different
techniques of of gamers of commentary,
I've learned to speak to a camera pretty
well, as you've noticed. I think is is
pretty well. I can be myself. I can hand
gesture, which is natural. It comes
natural to me. But I'm not nervous in
front of a camera anymore. I absolutely
love it. There's like a stream of
consciousness going right into that
lens. And Elliot Hulse says quite often
that the videos aren't necessarily
all for the viewer. I mean there's a
rambling going on with your head which
is a stability creating device of
talking. So I absolutely love talking.
This whole circle is a very beautiful
circle and I hope you guys will join me
on this journey and see the beauty that
is available for you to tap into and I
will try to guide this energy towards
you in the best of my ability.
I love you all. Seriously, this is a
weird feeling. I've never felt so much
love for absolutely everything right
now, which is very weird. It just came
in this moment where I seriously really
appreciate you all who watch these
videos. And just in general, like
everybody who's not watching these
videos, I really appreciate their
existence because I think even maybe
aside from the people that get a a hard
on for the that they're doing like
slaughtering babies or something like
that, maybe aside from those people,
like there's some beautiful stuff.
People are trying to figure things out
for themselves. Like there's there's a
reason we feel pain because we're not
following what we want to be doing. So
all these people feeling pain, it's
really feeling love. Their bodies are
telling them, "Ah, figure out what it
is. Please like, we want to do this. I
want to do this." This pure self and the
ego and the the super ego, all that
stuff want to work together to be who we
really are. Who we really are. Sounded
like I was crying a little bit.
So all these people feeling pain are
actually feeling love for themselves.
There's an inner connection with their
true self that just wants to get out and
be expressed and they're finding a way.
It might take them multiple lifetimes if
you believe in reincarnation. It might
take them 50 years. They might be on
their deathbed. You know, my grandpa was
really rich and when he was dying, like
it wasn't one of his last words type of
situation, but when he was dying, he's
like all this money
and what is it good for now?
I didn't know that until my dad told me
that. He told my dad and I was like,
"Holy crap." You know, it might take
somebody 50 goddamn years, 60, 70, 80
years for them to figure it out. But
people are trying. I believe that pretty
well.
You know, if people don't like the
situation they're in, I think it's
natural to to start trying to figure out
every different little pathway to go
into and try to feel it. I mean, some
people are are blind to the feelings,
but I think people are trying to feel
it.
So, that's a pretty intense quote that
my rich farming grandfather said. Now,
granted, I think he did really love
farming. I asked my mom about that and
he really liked farming. So, good for
him, you know, if he wants to farm and
he really enjoys it. But the money, the
materialistic value, again, money isn't
money is like this created
physical number. It's a unit of,
you know, there's definitely different
philosophies on this, but it's a unit
created by humans. It's not something
that is a self-oriented. It's not a
being oriented. It's not an animal
oriented thing. It's this advanced
intelligence created,
you know, paper trading system.
There's a lot more to that too, but I'll
just keep it at that side of philosophy
on currency.
So with that when I when I the reason I
said that was the money. When you
figure out what you really want to do, I
guarantee you I absolutely guarantee you
that you are not going to give a
about money.
Maybe you need to give a about
money to be able to get what you want to
get. So maybe like a high quality
camera, you need money to do that.
You need something. You need a service
to give back to society to be able to
get something right and that's what I
think people people do who just want to
go live in the woods first of all that's
hard that's a very difficult thing to do
we set up the society in which we can
sit on this couch right this is a
comfortable ass couch I think we should
cherish that and be grateful for it now
for the people want to go off in society
and not give back is really a backwards
thinking because we are a collective
nature we are this community.
Now, there's this weird interesting idea
in which natural selection was not
understood correctly. Like read up about
this.
There's a way to look at animals and we
are animals. We are part of the world.
We are part of the environment. We are
the environment, right?
There's an interesting way to look at it
where natural selection is based not on
selfish desires of getting ahead of the
competition of of uh
survival the of the fittest is what I'm
talking about. It's not it's not
survival of the fittest. There's I can't
you know I can't name off all the
different of my on my out of my
head but it's like
animals traveling in groups.
There's so many there's different sides,
right? You could say, "Oh, well, it's
more advantageous for them to travel in
groups because then they aren't as
soloed out and they aren't as easily
hunted and then they have more power on
groups and they think about the power,
you know, there's a different there's a
whole different side of that. We're a
community, right?
I I'm sorry I can't say that as well as
I can express it and as well as it's
able to be expressed, but there's a
documentary in which if I find it, I'll
link it. I'll link it in the
description, which is really good.
Anyways, we are a community. If you
don't have service to give back, you're
not going to get much.
And I guess if you want to live outside
the society and try to be selfish in
that desire or in that respect, you can
go for it.
But the reality of human nature and
animal nature is a community. We are a
connected net. You're not going to be
able be able to get away from this
connection. I think the vi the
vibrational connection in this reality.
This matrix extends infinitely,
especially on this planet. I mean, you
think about the energy grid of this
planet. I think we're like bouncing
stuff back and forth to each other. Like
this planet, you're not going to be able
to get away from the vibes.
So I think the best way to live life, if
I have advice about that, is to
give something that you have to offer to
as many people as you can. And the way
that I see this is the internet is the
most powerful thing in the society right
now. You can share. I mean, if you think
about getting gum out of the carpet.
Seriously, if you made a channel and you
absolutely loved it and you were
inspired every single day to get gum out
of carpet or out of people's hair,
getting gum out of random I
guarantee you if you showed that beauty
of you getting that gum out of the
carpet, the beauty expressed within your
person, within your being, people would
subscribe to that and people would watch
it. No joke, the world, there's people
like you. Trust me, there's people who
are attracted to this particular
experience, this expression of yourself.
There's people whether you think you're
the weirdest person in the planet,
there's not anybody
like if you think there's nobody else,
there is other people. There are other
people. And if you want to express that
on the internet, you will get a a
collective community.
Well,
um
I don't know what happened. I think
after like two sessions, there's like a
video uh my camera I guess after maybe
like what 20 minutes, 15 minutes, it
cycles again and restarts the video. So
then it's split into two or multiple.
So I think that it just turned off my
camera for some reason after the second
time.
Anyways,
I really appreciate you guys watching.
If you watched all the way down to this
part, I really appreciate it because I
think you might have gotten something
from it because that was a beautiful
talk. Those beautiful feelings that I am
still feeling
the inspiration
get and talk about
is definitely there. Um,
again, the circle of improved humanity
is occurring and I'm coming right back
to this channel and I'm going to be
making advice, travel, camping,
experiences of life, the feelings that I
have, if I go through depressive state,
I might make a video on it. This
instability, this whatever this is,
whatever I am, whatever me and my
friends are, my friends and I are,
I will be expressing it. And if you
would like, of course, you can watch it.
So, improve humanity is back up and
running after a full like year long
break. And if you're still subscribed to
this, I don't know why you are, but I
guess you are, right?
And I appreciate that. There's going to
be links in the description. Um, if you
enjoyed this video, I really would
appreciate a like. It shows me that
people
like the video obviously, but there's
there's a sense of like, oh, this video
has worth into it. But even, you know,
it's a little bit shallow, isn't it?
But anyways, I'm going to go exercise.
You guys have a beautiful day
and I will see you in the next video. I
love you all. Thank you so much for
watching. Peace.